DOCSP-13867 watch usage example (#27)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/usage-examples/watch.txt

.. default-domain:: mongodb

You can open a change stream on a ``MongoCollection``,
``MongoDatabase``, or ``MongoClient`` by using the ``Watch()`` method.

> The following example passes an aggregation pipeline to the ``Watch()``
> method, which opens a change stream on the ``haikus`` collection and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses the ``Watch()``
method to open a change stream on the ``haikus`` collection and
```
Suggestion: I think the bit about aggregation pipelines should be removed. I think aggregation pipelines are an implementation detail that distracts from the action readers came to the page to learn about (how do I watch for changes?).

prints inserted documents:

.. include:: /includes/usage-examples/run-example-tip.rst

.. literalinclude:: /includes/usage-examples/code-snippets/watch.go
   :start-after: begin watch
   :end-before: end watch
   :emphasize-lines: 3
   :language: go
   :dedent:

Click `here <{+example+}/watch.go>`__ to see a fully runnable example.

Expected Result
---------------

After you run the preceding example, run the :doc:`Insert a
Document usage example </usage-examples/insertOne>` in a different

> shell. When MongoDB completes the insert operation, you should see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shell. After you run the other example, you should see
```
Suggestion: I think this should refer to the other task as a "usage example" both times. 

I also think having the subject switch from "you" to "mongodb" makes it hard to understand what I as the reader have to do to make the example work. I think the subject should be "you" in both sentences, and the action should be what the reader has to do: "run the example" (I think mentioning insert operations adds a new level of complexity that does not need to be present).

output similar to the following:  

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

   // results truncated 

>    Waiting For Change Events. Insert something in MongoDB!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Suggestion: I think this line can be deleted. Maybe also could move this line out of the displayed code snippet so that it does not appear in the docs (only shows up when reader runs the code).

>    {fullDocument [{_id ObjectID("...")} {title Record of ...} {text No bytes, no problem....}]}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [{_id ObjectID("...")} {title Record of ...} {text No bytes, no problem....}]
```

If you add the `event[3].Value` from a previous comment this is how the output will look

> .. note::
> 
>    The shell will continue to run until terminate it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. important::

   Make sure you shut down this usage snippet once you are finished. You can shut down the code example by pressing ctrl+c or by closing your terminal. 
```
Issue: I think this does not describe the action the reader needs to take in order to shut down the code sample. I think this should describe how to shut down the code sample. I think my suggestion needs some work, but it captures idea.

Also I think this should be in an important tag.

Additional Information
----------------------

For more information on opening a change stream and handling

> potential errors, see our following guides: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
potential errors, see the following guides: 
```
Nit: "our following" sounds odd to me, but can't put my finger on why.

.. default-domain:: mongodb

You can open a change stream on a ``MongoCollection``,
``MongoDatabase``, or ``MongoClient`` by using the ``Watch()`` method.

The following example passes an aggregation pipeline to the ``Watch()``
method, which opens a change stream on the ``haikus`` collection and
returns the most current majority-committed version of the updated
document for replace operations:

.. include:: /includes/usage-examples/run-example-tip.rst

.. literalinclude:: /includes/usage-examples/code-snippets/watch.go
   :start-after: begin watch
   :end-before: end watch
   :emphasize-lines: 3
   :language: go
   :dedent:

Click `here <{+example+}/watch.go>`__ to see a fully runnable example.

Expected Result
---------------

> After you run the preceding example, then run the :doc:`Replace a
> Document usage example </usage-examples/replaceOne>`, you should see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you start the preceding example, run the :doc:`Replace a
Document usage example </usage-examples/replaceOne>` in a different shell while the above code snippet is running. Once you have run the other usage example, you should see
```

Issue: I think this should be explicit that you need two shells to complete this example. I think it is hard to understand that you need two shells to produce output unless you are familiar with what a change stream is. My suggestion is a little messy but I think it communicates what I think should be made explicit:

- You need two shells
- Both shells need to be running simultaneously

output similar to the following: 

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

    // results truncated
    [{_id [{_data 8261...}]} 
    {operationType replace} 
    {clusterTime {1629816601 1}} 
    {fullDocument [{_id ObjectID("...")} {title Dodge ...} {text When there're no matches...}]} 
    {ns [{db insertDB} {coll haikus}]} 
    {documentKey [{_id ObjectID("...")}]}] 

Additional Information
----------------------

For more information on opening a change stream documents and handling
potential errors, see our guide on <TODO: Retrieve Data > ChangeStream
section>. 

> For more information on change streams, see the

Reviewer: Suggestion: I these "for more information" sentences are a little too similar, and it is hard to distinguish which is which. Maybe they could be put in a list where one is "Go Driver Change Stream Guide" and the other is "MongoDB Manual Change Stream Documentation" or something like that?
